Xingtian, do you know that those who betray the Wuji Temple will be killed without mercy?
Come
Take down all these daring things for me
Stop shouting
Your people and the Withered Probe of the Promise Temple in the North Sea
I cleared it all
Get to know each other and surrender quickly
Or you make me comfortable
I can ask Jiang Shao for a favor
Have your life
Hahaha, you two-faced shameless villain
I, Qiao Zixi, swear to die filial piety
Mr. Xiao's life and death are unknown
Xiao Wuji, I'll give you a chance too
As long as you kneel down and beg for mercy to us now
How about I let you leave Beihai safely?
I, Xiao Wuji, kneel in the sky
Kneel in the middle of the kneeling Buddha
The kings of the world have never made me bow my head
You can match anything.
Good words are hard to persuade
Damn ghost
If so
I have nothing more to say
After Xing Tian killed him
You are the emperor under the North Sea
Humph
Mr. Xiao
For the sake of you, my master and servant
I could leave you whole
Someone come to me
Those who dare to hurt my lord die